org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.sql buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.sql bdc
org.apache.openjpa.util buo
org.apache.openjpa.util bdc
org.apache.openjpa.lib.conf buo
org.apache.openjpa.lib.log buo
org.apache.openjpa.conf buo
org.apache.openjpa.conf bdc
org.apache.openjpa.enhance buo
org.apache.openjpa.enhance bdc
org.apache.openjpa.lib.util buo
org.apache.openjpa.kernel buo
org.apache.openjpa.kernel bdc
org.apache.openjpa.meta buo
org.apache.openjpa.meta bdc
org.apache.openjpa.event bdc
org.apache.openjpa.xmlstore buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel.exps buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel.exps bdc
org.apache.openjpa.slice.jdbc buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel bdc
org.apache.openjpa.datacache buo
org.apache.openjpa.datacache bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.conf buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.conf bdc
org.apache.openjpa.abstractstore bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.jdbc buo
org.apache.openjpa.ee bdc
org.apache.openjpa.kernel.exps bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.schema buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.schema bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta.strats buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta.strats bdc

