org.apache.openjpa.audit bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.validation bdc
org.apache.openjpa.util buo
org.apache.openjpa.util bdc
org.apache.openjpa.lib.log buo
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.criteria buo
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.criteria bdc
org.apache.openjpa.lib.util buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel.exps buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel.exps bdc
org.apache.openjpa.slice.jdbc buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta bdc
org.apache.openjpa.datacache buo
org.apache.openjpa.datacache bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.conf buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.conf bdc
org.apache.openjpa.ee bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.query bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.identifier bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.schema buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.schema bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.meta buo
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.meta bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.sql buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.sql bdc
org.apache.openjpa.instrumentation bdc
org.apache.openjpa.lib.conf buo
org.apache.openjpa.kernel.jpql bdc
org.apache.openjpa.conf buo
org.apache.openjpa.conf bdc
org.apache.openjpa.enhance buo
org.apache.openjpa.enhance bdc
org.apache.openjpa.event buo
org.apache.openjpa.event bdc
org.apache.openjpa.meta buo
org.apache.openjpa.meta bdc
org.apache.openjpa.kernel buo
org.apache.openjpa.kernel bdc
org.apache.openjpa.xmlstore buo
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.osgi bdc
org.apache.openjpa.validation bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.jest buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.kernel bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence buo
org.apache.openjpa.persistence bdc
org.apache.openjpa.instrumentation.jmx buo
org.apache.openjpa.abstractstore bdc
org.apache.openjpa.persistence.jdbc buo
org.apache.openjpa.kernel.exps buo
org.apache.openjpa.kernel.exps bdc
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta.strats buo
org.apache.openjpa.jdbc.meta.strats bdc

