org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.lockmgr bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.history bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2 buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2 bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector.primitive buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector.primitive bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.lineage bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.security.authorization bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.index bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.pcr bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazybinary bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.physical bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.io.rcfile.merge bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.unionproc bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.security bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.metastore.api buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.udf bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.ppd bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.plan buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.plan bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.lib bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.log bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.parse buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.parse bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.physical.index bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec.persistence bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy.objectinspector.primitive bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.processors bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.columnar bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.conf buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.typeinfo buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.typeinfo bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.metadata buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.metadata bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.udf.generic bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.index.bitmap bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.dynamic_type bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.io bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.session bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.thrift bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazybinary.objectinspector bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.io bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy.objectinspector bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.udf.xml bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.index.compact bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.index buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.index bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.ppr bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.hooks bdc

