org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.history bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2 buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2 bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.typeinfo bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.metadata bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.dynamic_type bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.unionproc bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.session bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.udf bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.io bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.plan buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.plan bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.lib bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.parse buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.parse bdc

