org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.history bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2 buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2 bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector.primitive buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.objectinspector.primitive bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.lineage bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.unionproc bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.physical bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.udf bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.ppd bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.lib bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.plan buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.plan bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.exec.persistence bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.parse buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.parse bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy.objectinspector.primitive bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.processors bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.columnar bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.conf buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.typeinfo buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.typeinfo bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.metadata bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.udf.generic bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.dynamic_type bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.session bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.thrift bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.io bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.lazy.objectinspector bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.udf.xml bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.hooks bdc
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.ppr buo
org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.optimizer.ppr bdc

